[All hosts](Script Lab) How to move snippet to yo office (#3358)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/create-an-office-add-in-from-script-lab.md

---
ms.date: 04/07/2022
title: Create a standalone Office Add-in from your Script Lab code

> ms.prod: non-product-specific

Author: I removed it as most topics don't have it.

> ms.prod: non-product-specific

Reviewer: It's in the global metadata in the docfx, I believe!

description: Learn how to move your snippet from Script Lab into a Yo Office project
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

# Create a standalone Office Add-in from your Script Lab code

If you created a snippet in Script Lab, you may want to turn it into a stand-alone add-in. You can copy the code from Script Lab into a a project generated by the Yeoman Generator for Office (also called "Yo Office"). Then you can continue developing the code as an add-in that you can eventually deploy to others.

> The steps in this article will refer to [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), but you can use any code editor that you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps in this article refer to [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), but you can use any code editor that you prefer.
```

## Create a new Yo Office project

You need to create the standalone add-in project which will be the new development location for your snippet code.

Run the command `yo office --projectType taskpane --ts true --host <host> --name "basic-sample"`, where `<host>` is one of the following values.

- excel
- outlook
- powerpoint
- word

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `--name` argument value must be in double quotation marks, even if it has no spaces.

The previous command creates a new project folder named **basic-sample**. It is configured to run in the host you specified, and uses TypeScript. Script Lab uses TypeScript by default, but most of the snippets are actually just JavaScript. You can build a Yo Office JavaScript project if you prefer, but just be sure any code you copy over is JavaScript.

## Open the snippet in Script Lab

> Let's use an existing snippet in Script Lab to learn how to copy a snippet to a Yo Office generated project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an existing snippet in Script Lab to learn how to copy a snippet to a Yo Office generated project.
```

1. Open Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, or Outlook) and then open Script Lab.

> 1. Select **Script Lab** > **Code**. If you are working in Outlook, you need to open an email message to read to see Script Lab on the ribbon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Script Lab** > **Code**. If you're working in Outlook, open an email message to see Script Lab on the ribbon.
```

### Copy task pane code

1. Open the **/src/taskpane/taskpane.ts** file. If you are using a JavaScript project, the filename is **taskpane.js**.
1. In Script Lab, select the **Script** tab.
1. Copy all of the code in the **Script** tab to the clipboard. Replace the entire contents of **taskpane.ts** (or **taskpane.js** for javaScript) with the code you copied.

### Copy task pane HTML

1. In VS Code, open the **/src/taskpane/taskpane.html** file.
1. In Script Lab, select the **HTML** tab.
1. Copy all of the HTML in the **HTML** tab to the clipboard. Replace all of the HTML inside the `<body>` tag with the HTML you copied.

### Copy task pane CSS

1. In VS Code, open the **/src/taskpane/taskpane.css** file.
1. In Script Lab, select the **CSS** tab.
1. Copy all of the CSS in the **CSS**tab to the clipboard. Replace the entire contents of **taskpane.css** with the CSS you copied.
1. Save all changes to the files you updated in previous steps.

## Add jQuery support

Script Lab uses jQuery in the snippets. You need to add this dependency to the Yo Office project to run the code successfully.

> 1. Open the **taskpane.html** file, and add the following script tag.

Reviewer 2: I added it at the end of the file and my add-in works.
```suggestion
1. Open the **taskpane.html** file, and add the following script tag at the end of the file, after the closing `</html>` tag.
```

> 1. Open the **taskpane.html** file, and add the following script tag.

Author: It's best in the `<head>` tag along with the other script tags, although I suppose in this case it does work at the bottom of the file.

> 1. Open the **taskpane.html** file, and add the following script tag.

Author: i updated to indicate to use the head tag.

    
    ```html
     <script src="https://ajax.aspnetcdn.com/ajax/jquery/jquery-3.3.1.js"></script>
    ```
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > The specific version of jQuery may vary. You can determine which version Script Lab is using by choosing the **Libraries** tab.
    

> 1. Open a terminal in VS Code and enter the following commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a terminal in VS Code and enter the following commands.
```

    
    ```command&nbsp;line
    npm install --save-dev jquery@3.1.1
    npm install --save-dev @types/jquery@3.3.1
    ```

> If you created a snippet that has additional library dependencies, be sure to add them to the Yo Office project. You can find a list of all library dependencies on the **Libraries** tab in Script Lab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you created a snippet that has additional library dependencies, be sure to add them to the Yo Office project. Find a list of all library dependencies on the **Libraries** tab in Script Lab.
```

## Handle initialization

Script Lab handles the **Office.onReady** initialization automatically. You'll need to modify the code to provide your own **Office.onReady** handler.

1. Open the **taskpane.ts** (or **taskpane.js** for JavaScript) file.
1. For Excel, or Word, replace:
    
    ```typescript
    $("#run").click(() => tryCatch(run));
    ```
    
    with:
    
    ```typescript
    Office.onReady(function () {
      // Office is ready
      $(document).ready(function () {
        // The document is ready
        $("#run").click(() => tryCatch(run));
      });
    });
    ```
    
1. For Outlook, replace:
    
    ```typescript
    $("#get").click(get);
    $("#set").click(set);
    $("#save").click(save);
    ```
    
    with:
    
    ```typescript
    Office.onReady(function () {
      // Office is ready
      $(document).ready(function () {

>         // The document is ready

Author: fixed

            $("#get").click(get);
            $("#set").click(set);
            $("#save").click(save);
          });
    });
    ```
    
1. For PowerPoint, replace:
    
    ```typescript
    $("#run").click(run);
    ```
    
    with:
    
    ```typescript
    Office.onReady(function () {
      // Office is ready
      $(document).ready(function () {

>         // The document is ready

Author: fixed

          $("#run").click(run);
          });
    });
    ```

1. Save the file.

## Custom functions

> If your snippet uses custom functions, you need to use the Yo Office custom functions template. Follow these steps to turn you custom functions into a standalone add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your snippet uses custom functions, you need to use the Yo Office custom functions template. To turn custom functions into a standalone add-in, follow these steps.
```

1. Run the command `yo office --projectType excel-functions --ts true --name "functions-sample" `.
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > The `--name` argument value must be in double quotation marks, even if it has no spaces.
    
1. Open Excel, and then open Script Lab.
1. Select **Script Lab** > **Code**.
1. In the Script Lab task pane, choose **Samples**, and then choose the **Basic custom function** sample.

> 1. Open the **/src/functions/functions.ts** file. If you are using a JavaScript project, the filename is **functions.js**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the **/src/functions/functions.ts** file. If you're using a JavaScript project, the filename is **functions.js**.
```

1. In Script Lab, select the **Script** tab.
1. Copy all of the code in the **Script** tab to the clipboard. Paste the code at the top of the **functions.ts** (or **functions.js** for javaScript) with the code you copied.
1. Save the file.

## Test the standalone add-in

> Once all the steps are complete you can run and test out your standalone add-in. Run the following command to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the steps are complete, run and test out your standalone add-in. Run the following command to get started.
```
